# Kaspersky-management-system-statment
KASPERSKY LAB – PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY Introduction AO Kaspersky Lab, located at bldg. 3, 39A, Leningradskoe Shosse, Moscow, 125212, Russian Federation and all companies belonging to the group "Kaspersky Lab" respect your privacy. Our representative in the EU for data protection is: Kaspersky Labs GmbH, Despag-Strasse 3, 85055, Ingolstadt, Germany, info@kaspersky.de, +49 (0) 841 98 18 90, according to Article 27 (1) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation, "GDPR"). Our Data Protection Officer in the EU, according to Article 37 (1) of GDPR, as well as for the other countries, may be contacted via dpo@kaspersky.com.  This Products and Services Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) describes how we use the information you provide when you use our products and services, and the choices you can make about our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.  In connection with specific products or services offered by Kaspersky Lab, you are provided with the agreements, terms of use, and statements that supplement this policy relating to data handling.  This policy may be changed because of changes in legislation, the requirements of the authorities or to reflect changes in our practices concerning the processing of personal data. The revised policy will be posted on our website and will be effective immediately upon being posted. You can read at any time the policy cu
